time for tonight's last word the
coronavirus crisis is going to get worse
for Donald Trump even though the
president will probably stay physically
healthy throughout the crisis his mental
health could decline each day of the
crisis some mental health professionals
like our next guest believe that the
president's mental health has been and
will continue to be in decline the
incompetence of Donald Trump
and his administration is on dramatic
and dangerous display every day now the
president demonstrated in last night's
press conference that he has no idea how
to deal with the coronavirus crisis he
demonstrated a complete lack of
comprehension of the dimensions of the
crisis he contradicted public health
experts before and after they spoke as
if he didn't hear a word that they said
and he made it very clear that he cares
much much more about the health of the
stock market than the health of human
beings I really think the stock market
of something I know a lot about I think
it took a hit maybe for two reasons I
think they look at the people that you
watched abating last night and they say
if there's even a possibility that can
happen I think it really takes a hit
because of that and it certainly took a
hit because of this and I understand
that also because of supply chains and
various other things and people coming
in but I think the stock market will
recover
he thinks the stock market will recover
and of course the stock market continued
record losses today dropping nearly
1,200 points
it's the biggest one-day point decline
in history the day after Donald Trump
says I think the stock market will
recover joining us now is dr. Lance
DotA's a former assistant clinical
professor of psychiatry at Harvard
Medical School dr. DotA's is a
contributor to the best-selling book the
dangerous case of Donald Trump 37
psychiatrists and mental health experts
assess a president dr. Jonas what do you
think you were watching last night when
the president participated in that press
conference where he we went from a
president who seems to know nothing
about what's going on worried about the
stock market to public health experts
explaining things that the president
then immediately contradicted
well I think that what was on display is
what we we really ought to have already
known and as you pointed out Lawrence
this man is about himself he really is
not about the country he's not about
Public Health and although he has
already severely damaged the country by
being a psychopath or sociopath in many
ways he's damaged democracy I think
people's lives will be lost
now individual lives will be lost
because of the way he's mishandling the
coronavirus issue so I you know as you
pointed out he lies he has contradicted
his own health officials and in a very
dangerous move he's apparently muzzled
them so that they now can't speak out if
you listen to the interview just
listening to the way he presented it I
think about a dozen times he said what a
wonderful job he has done it's hard to
imagine any other president in the
United States histories when addressing
the country during a public health
crisis talking about what a wonderful
job he personally has done but this is
where he's at this is what he cares
about he cares about the stock market
also because it reflects on him and his
candidacy bringing in the democratic
debate is completely irrelevant and also
him incorrect because the market had
fallen before the debate but again it
tells you where his mind is that his
mind is on him and we've known that and
that he's a pathological liar we've
known that in a way what's what's
fascinating in a terrible kind of way is
that everyone doesn't get this you know
most of America sees this sees him
contradict a public health officials and
they say this man must be incompetent
but what he does is the what was made
famous as the big lie technique in
Germany is by repeating what he wants
you to hear over and over again against
the statements that were just made in
opposition to it the act of repeating it
makes people think it must be true it
may not make sense but that's how it
works
so he is
an extremely successful conman as we
know his whole life is about that so I
think that explains why people can watch
this watch him deny what his own
officials just said watch him lie about
things and say he must be doing the
right thing he must be looking after us
that's why he's a successful con man
what has to happen if we're good all
survived is that there this reaches a
tipping point and eventually the the
fact that the emperor has no clothes is
revealed and then everyone will
understand that he's been lying all
along we haven't reached that yet
unfortunately there was a striking
moment last night where dr. Falchi had
to kind of grab the microphone to
basically say that Donald Trump was
wrong when he just said we will have a
vaccine rapidly I just want to show some
of what dr. Feld she said because what
interests me this time since we all
heard what he said
is watching Donald Trump doing whatever
it is he's doing but it sure doesn't
look like listening I told you we would
have a vaccine that we would be putting
into trials see if it's safe and if it
induces a response that you would
predict would be protective in about
three months I think it's gonna be a
little bit less than that it's probably
gonna be closer to two months that would
then take about three months to
determine if it's safe and a managed
Enic which gives us six months then you
graduate from a trial which is phase one
of 45 people to a trial that involves
hundreds if not lo thousands of people
doctor party went on for a couple of
minutes there and as I was watching
Donald Trump my guess was he wasn't
comprehending a word I think he didn't
care yeah I think he hears what he hears
what's in his head and the rest the rest
doesn't matter add to your original
point Lawrence yes he's getting worse
the more things go badly for him the
more paranoid he becomes the more out of
touch with reality and the more bad
decisions he's going to make the more
desperate he's going to be to hold on to
what he needs in his power dr. Lance
notice gets tonight's last word thank
you dr. nodas for joining us once again
really appreciate